Battle of Fates.
Welcome to the grand finals.
At last, the final round.
Ooh. I'm excited.
Let me introduce
the 3 Fate Readers
that made it to the finals.
Her forthright readings
see right through one's fate.
Seolhwa.
Only the finals remain.
I'm a clutch-player,
so I'll keep up what I've been doing.
I got this far, so I might as well win.
Sharp insight
enveloped in gentle kindness.
A shaman with 20 years of experience.
Lee Sobin.
She seems spiritually powerful.
I'm the youngest finalist,
but I have the most experience.
As a manshin
with 20 years of experience,
I have so much to show,
and I'm here to win.
I'm confident.
Chants that bridge humans and the divine.
An elite Gugak singer-turned-shaman,
Yoon Daeman.
Out of the 49 contestants,
I'm the only male still standing.
I came here very prepared.
My know-how and skills.
I want to show all of them.
I think I have a good chance of winning.
Battle of Fates.
The grand finale that crowns it all is
...the Battle of Souls.
"Battle of Souls"?
A soul is the spirit of the dead.
ONE'S SPIRIT
THAT REMAINS AFTER DEATH
Is it really possible
to commune with the soul of the dead?
Is it possible to connect
the dead and the living?
The last remaining Fate Readers
will commune with a soul
to heal the wounds of the bereaved
and console the spirit of the deceased.
THEY MUST PERFORM A READING AND A RITUAL
So they need to summon the deceased
to this place right now?
So they'll be doing a rite.
Yeah, that's right.
But this makes no sense.
Shamans do this in their own shrine.
And back in the day,
-they'd go to the deceased's house.
-Yes.
- In their yard?
- Yes.
But we're filming in a production studio.
Is this possible?
A shaman connects the living and the dead.
Despite the circumstances,
to help the deceased
say what they couldn't
and move on peacefully to a better place,
I'll do my best for them.
Three clients will participate
in the Battle of Souls.
They look happy.
Oh, dear.
Oh, my goodness.
The people in these photos
are the bereaved families
that lost their loved ones.
Oh, no.
- My gosh.
- Oh, dear...
Fate Readers,
choose 1 of the 3 families
and stand before their photo.
Oh, my.
Looks like Seolhwa's made up her mind.
Seolhwa's just charging forward.
As if something's decided for her.
As soon as I saw the photo,
I knew. "I'm going for that one."
I saw a vision.
I knew I had to pick that family.
- They must feel something.
- Yes.
Yoon Daeman chose the photo
of the family that lost their daughter.
Lee Sobin chose the sisters, I guess?
- I think they're sisters.
- Yes.
The 3 Fate Readers
have made their choices.
As soon as I saw the photo,
Granny spirit said it broke her heart.
I was told that she died before her time.
She seemed so sorrowful.
She didn't know she was going to die.
I chose them because I wanted
to hear from the deceased.
It wasn't her time to go...
First of all...
I saw a vision
in which the man was the client,
and the woman was the deceased.
She's crying already.
I couldn't help bursting into tears
and clenching my fist
because I was already
feeling the deceased.
As soon as I saw the photo,
I felt so emotional and sad.
I sensed this child was so loved
and cherished.
And she...
She was young but mature for her age.
She's only a child,
but she wants to console her parents.
I felt that so strongly.
That's why I chose this family.
She was a mature daughter.
Here's something her dad said.
If he could spend 1 hour
with his daughter again,
he'd give up everything he has.
Seolhwa's crying,
and Daeman seems very shaken too.
- Only Sobin seems calm and composed.
- She seems calm.
Battle of Fates.
For the finals,
we invited some special guests.
Let me introduce the 49 Fate Judges.
- "Fate Judges"?
- Judges?
Who could they be?
Will they be evaluating them too?
I guess so. They're called "Judges."
- Ah.
- To keep it fair.
That scared me.
Oh, it's scary.
- Are they Grim Reapers?
- They're all in black.
They were complete strangers,
so I wondered who they were.
They all gave off a cold energy.
What's going on?
I felt so much pressure.
Never in my wildest dreams did I think
I'd give a reading in front of 49 people.
It was shocking.
Their aura was no joke.
The Battle of Souls.
The final winner
will be determined by points.
THE FATE REAPERS', CLIENT'S,
AND FATE JUDGES' SCORES WILL BE ADDED UP
Each Fate Reaper will give
up to 25 points.
The total will be 100.
The 49 Fate Judges will give 1 point each.
The total will be 49.
The client will give up to 51 points.
The perfect score is 200 points.
49,
CLIENT: 51, TOTAL 200 POINTS
The Fate Reader with the highest score
will be the final winner
of Battle of Fates.
Now,
let the grand finals begin!
The Battle of Souls.
Let the first reading start.
The man in the photo will join us, right?
- Um, the husband.
- That's right.
He's the husband, right?
The client Seolhwa chose.
Please join us.
- Hello.
- He looks familiar, right?
- Yes.
The fourth vocalist
of the rock band Boohwal.
Ah...
KOREA'S ICONIC ROCK BAND BOOHWAL
KNOWN FOR HITS LIKE
THE MORE I LOVE AND NEVER ENDING STORY
BOOHWAL'S 4TH VOCALIST
May I get your name, please?
It's Kim Jaedu.
- Spelled J-A-E?
- Yes, Jaedu.
Year of birth?
- I was born in 1971.
- That'll do.
And the name of the deceased.
Jang Gyeongha, born in 1963.
THE DECEASED
JANG GYEONGHA
And there's 1 more person.
Kim Jaegi.
ANOTHER DECEASED
KIM JAEGI
KIM JAEGI, JAEDU'S OLDER BROTHER
His brother was Boohwal's
third vocalist. Kim Jaegi.
BOOHWAL'S 3RD VOCALIST, KIM JAEGI
KIM JAEGI'S UNTIMELY DEATH
HE DIED IN A TRAFFIC ACCIDENT AT AGE 26
His brother and wife
passed away on the same date.
What, really?
I know.
What kind of twist of fate is this?
OLDER BROTHER & WIFE
THEY BOTH PASSED AWAY ON AUGUST 11
Oh, dear...
Who would you like to talk to?
I miss them both,
- but I really want to talk to Gyeongha.
- Gyeongha? Mmm.
-His wife.
-Of course.
Granny, Grandpa.
Here I am with Kim Jaedu.
He was born in 1971, the Year of the Pig...
Help me deliver a correct reading.
Oh, she's crying.
Jaedu.
You see, as a shaman,
I'm not bad at controlling my emotions
while giving a reading.
But it's so hard right now.
She died
from an illness, right?
Yes.
Oh, my.
I'm sensing cancer.
Did she have cancer?
Yes, she did.
Yes, cancer.
It was sarcoma.
HIS WIFE DIED OF SARCOMA
AT AGE 60 ON AUGUST 11, 2022
Shamans like myself
feel whatever the deceased felt.
I felt too nauseated to eat anything,
and I had diarrhea.
She's been feeling unwell all day.
- Really?
- Yes.
It must've been her feeling the deceased.
When she passed,
had she lost a lot of weight?
My wife actually...
I didn't want to say this
out of respect for her dignity,
but she had all her organs taken out.
Uh...
She also had a colostomy.
She couldn't enjoy any food.
A SURGICAL WASTE OPENING
The food you eat should be
stored in the stomach for a while,
but whatever she ate came right out,
so she couldn't eat.
Her weight had dropped to around 30 kg
by the time she passed.
HER WEIGHT DROPPED TO AROUND 30 KG
She couldn't really eat.
- She was 30 kg.
- Around 30 kg?
She weighed around 30 kg when she passed.
I went to the bathroom 8 times
when I hadn't eaten anything.
I felt dizzy like I was going to faint.
Everyone was worried,
but no medicine would help.
Medicine didn't work.
This family is likely to need surgery
on the thyroids, breasts, or uterus.
Her reproductive organs were very weak.
- She had uterine fibroids.
- Uterine fibroids.
- She had a uterine bleeding too.
- Yes.
Her birth chart suggests
that if she got cancer,
she'd suffer every complication.
- Right.
- Even if she had cancer in only 1 place,
- it must've spread through her whole body.
- Yes.
She must've died in so much pain.
She struggled so much.
And so did you.
For about 5 years,
I looked after her.
HIS WIFE FOUGHT CANCER
FOR 5 YEARS FROM 2017 TO 2022
AND HER HUSBAND
WAS ALWAYS BY HER SIDE
I dropped everything I was doing
and stayed with her the whole time.
I wanted to save her life.
They said she'd only had 6 months left,
- but I kept her going for 5 years.
- You did.
I took her abroad often
for special treatments, and once...
She told me
she wanted to live on Mount Seorak
where the air was clearer.
So I let her live there
on her own for 5 months.
But while we were apart,
her condition worsened,
- so I brought her back home.
- Mmm.
He has nothing. He spent all he had.
On the medical bills.
It must've cost a fortune.
He even sold his house.
To think Boohwal's vocalist
is left with nothing...
HE WANTED TO SAVE HIS WIFE'S LIFE
EVEN IF IT MEANT SPENDING EVERYTHING
Did you want to follow her
after Gyeongha passed away?
Yes.
Oh, gosh.
He wouldn't be here
if it weren't for their daughter.
I see you wanted
to end things so badly, you fool.
Look how angry Granny is, you fool!
How dare you think of ending things?
You fool! How dare you?
You should live!
You're a mean, nasty fool!
I just want to know
how she is now.
How is she doing?
Was she reincarnated?
How is she? That's what I want to know.
Well...
I'm sorry to say this, but Gyeongha...
She hasn't crossed over yet.
You still have her things, don't you?
Did you get rid of everything?
She had this fur coat.
Our daughter
said she wanted to keep it,
so she still has that.
Their daughter
hasn't let go of her mom yet.
Her whole life has come
to a stop, apparently.
Even after 3 years.
This flag means negation.
I'm so sorry to say this,
but if you keep even 1 of her belongings
or her portrait used during the funeral,
she can't leave. You're still attached.
Why did you come here, Jaedu?
It's because you still haven't let her go.
That proves she hasn't crossed over.
The deceased, my wife...
You're saying she's still wandering about.
I want her to stop worrying about us
and move on to a better place
or be reincarnated.
- That's what I want for her.
- Okay.
Seolhwa, you prepared a special rite.
Can you explain what it is?
If I can summon the deceased
with my fan and bells
and let her speak through me,
I'm willing to be the medium.
Even before I started the rite,
I felt the energy
and pain of the deceased.
Ugh, it's killing me.
I felt like I was going to
pass out. I felt nauseous.
I was channeling how the deceased felt,
and as a human, I couldn't take it.
I felt like I was going to die.
Sir.
Jabi.
Jabi. It's too much to take.
Oh, dear. But she hasn't even started yet.
It's too much.
I feel like I'm going to die.
I can't breathe.
I was in so much pain.
I almost resented her.
I can't stand it.
I feel like I'm getting paralyzed.
Is it a man or a woman?
A woman.
Let it go. Let go of your grudges.
I normally have no trouble
standing jigi
but this time, I thought I might die.
It's too much.
It was more than I could take.
It was so painful.
I'm dying.
Take off the robe.
Take it off for a while.
I'd never felt a spirit so strongly,
and I had no protection against it.
I felt everything as is,
and I guess I should say I was scared.
When we start feeling a spirit,
we can't eat, move, or stand.
It's really tough.
Gosh.
It must be so tough.
This is the first one,
and it's already overwhelming.
Seolhwa's really something.
To think that I'd see
something like this. It's unbelievable.
My gosh.
CONSOLES THE SOUL
AND PRAYS THEY MOVE ON
Come over here.
She's inviting him up.
You'll light the candles first.
Start with this one.
Mmm. Then light this candle too.
I can't believe
we're actually watching this.
Seriously, unbelievable.
It's a first for me.
It's like watching the film Exhuma.
I'm scared.
Granny, help me once more.
Help the deceased
believe and trust in you.
Granny, Grandpa!
Granny, Grandpa, help me.
She's here.
Damn it!
It's not fair!
I hate this!
So unfair...
I'm sorry.
I really didn't want to die...
This is so unfair...
Come here quick! Get over here!
Come over here to me. Come here!
I missed you so much! I missed you!
I wanted to live.
I wanted to live so badly.
I missed you so much, honey.
I really didn't want to die...
Oh, my gosh. What do I do?
What do we do now?
My darling.
Gosh, why am I tearing up?
Did it hurt bad?
It hurt so bad.
I was in so much pain.
Until the moment I stopped breathing,
- I was in so much pain.
- I know.
I know.
Don't die. Please don't die.
Okay.
Honey, please don't die. Please.
Okay?
Okay.
Protect Byeol.
Save our daughter.
- Okay. What else?
- That's all I ask for.
- Okay.
- I'm grateful to you. I loved you so much.
Take good care of Byeol.
Yes, I will.
- Promise me that you won't end things.
- Okay.
I promise.
What do I do?
I can't go. I just can't!
I can't go.
I missed you so much.
What do I do?
I know.
I'm worried...
- Don't worry. I'll live well.
- Can I trust you?
- I'll do my best.
- Really?
Yes.
Don't try to do your best. Just live.
Okay. I'll do that.
My gosh...
She just stood and stared at him.
That's how much she missed him.
She's not leaving.
Her sorrow is so deep
- that she can't move on.
- Mmm.
The han
is holding her back.
She can't go.
Jaedu.
- She was in so much pain.
- Ah...
-The spirit left suddenly.
-She's gone?
You must console her sorrow.
Say your last goodbye and send her off.
Okay.
They're sending her off.
- We'll send her off now.
- Okay.
Her sorrow is just unfathomable.
Her han was so deep.
So incredibly deep.
What happens now?
- They'll send her off.
- They send her off?
She must go.
Yes. If she keeps lingering...
Don't let her wander.
Then he won't be able to live on.
Mmm.
- Now, the ritual to send her off.
- Mmm.
Let's send her off, Granny!
Let's go now.
She's leaving.
Let's go!
I had to console and send her on somehow.
I did my very best.
She's burning a talisman.
The deceased must be gone.
Two talismans that wish
for her reincarnation in paradise
and because I felt her pain,
I wrote a talisman against diseases.
They were for the deceased.
Granny, Grandpa.
Help her be reborn in paradise.
Goodbye.
She's gone.
Seolhwa must be exhausted.
-She must be drained.
-Yes.
She feels jigi so strongly,
and yet, she stayed focused until the end
and saw it through.
I wondered, "Could I have done the same?"
I was so impressed.
How do you feel now the rite is over?
I was reminded
of what happened in the past.
I suddenly missed her a lot,
and it was quite emotional.
Seolhwa's reading is over.
The 4 Fate Reapers,
the 49 Fate Judges,
and Mr. Kim Jaedu.
Please enter your score.
What just happened?
It's really bizarre.
I'd never seen anything like this.
It's hard because it's the first one.
This is tough.
As a manshin
with 20 years of experience,
I have so much to show.
My Granny spirit
keeps my spiritual power strong,
so I'll do my best
to help the spirit cross over.
The Battle of Souls.
Let the second reading start.
The client Lee Sobin chose,
please join us.
- They're sisters.
- Hmm...
The older sister died.
Another sad story.
Oh, dear.
- Hello.
Please tell me your full name...
- Okay.
- ...and what year you were born in.
- My name is Jo Wonmi.
- Okay.
I was born in 1988.
Born in 1988.
What about the deceased?
- Her name was Jo Wonju.
- Okay.
- She was born in 1986.
- In 1986.
May I hold your hands for a second?
You're so afraid.
You're scared.
So how are you managing to hang on?
You didn't cause it.
How are you enduring it?
Oh, dear.
The shock of losing her sister
left 1 side of her face paralyzed.
- Oh, dear.
- Gosh.
Stop blaming yourself. It's okay.
- It's okay.
- She's crying already.
Oh, dear.
I died before my time.
I wasn't supposed to die then.
My head hurts. I can't breathe.
I don't think it was a knife,
but I see many wounds.
Why is her body so scarred?
Oh...
She's right.
This is incredible.
My sister fell to her death.
Her cause of death
was a contusion to the head.
My Granny spirit says
you wonder if she died
because she was meant to,
or because of some other troubles.
That's what you want to know.
The way she died made us suspect homicide.
She landed on her back,
and it wasn't from that high up.
-That is what's suspicious.
-She finds it suspicious.
She fell from the second floor.
IN APRIL 2012
HER SISTER SUDDENLY DIED
WAS IT REALLY AN ACCIDENT
OR IS THERE A HIDDEN TRUTH?
IT HAS BEEN 14 YEARS,
BUT SHE STILL HAS MANY QUESTIONS
You know there were
shamans in your family, right?
I know my grandmother used to pray a lot.
SUFFERING
OF THE SPIRITUALLY SENSITIVE
Her grandmother was a shaman.
- Really?
- It runs in the family.
HER LATE GRANDMOTHER WAS A SHAMAN
If you've ever gone to see a shaman,
they would've probably turned you away.
You're spiritually sensitive,
and there were shamans in your family.
- You know that. You feel and dream things.
- Yes, I do.
You say things too.
-I do talk to myself.
-Yes, you can't help it.
You wonder if your shamanic lineage
caused her death.
WHEN DIVINE ENERGY
AFFECTS A PERSON'S LIFE
You also wonder if it was
divine punishment, and you're scared.
DIVINE PUNISHMENT
She's right.
She does wonder if her sister died
because she rejected the deities.
- Gosh.
- She's spot-on.
Yes, it's true.
You fear you might be punished next.
They could kill you at any time.
They could take you at any time.
Why am I trembling so much?
She's shaking and swaying so much.
Her body's swaying back and forth.
Just a moment.
- I need to relax a bit.
- Okay.
I'm shaking a bit too much right now.
It looks like
someone's sucking out your soul.
I see your soul getting sucked out.
Hmm.
Her soul's being sucked out?
Who's taking her soul? How?
Oh, no.
Excuse me.
I think
she's chasing the negative energy away.
Mmm.
Do you think the deities will strike you?
I don't know.
Are you sure you don't know?
Maybe you just want to avoid it.
You came to ask about your sister,
but I'm worried about you too.
That's how I honestly feel.
This is what my sister was worried about.
She used to give me a lot of advice,
but I didn't listen.
But I did listen to 1 thing she said.
I stayed away from shamans.
She feared the deities would get to her.
That's why I wasn't so sure
if I should come on this show or not.
But I came here for 1 reason only.
If my sister can be happy--
- Or rest in peace?
- Yes.
Then maybe I can go on with my life
feeling less guilty.
Those who are left behind
know just how painful it is
to lose a loved one.
The bereaved must live
the rest of their lives with that pain.
- If I die too, my family would...
- They'd suffer even more.
I know that, and that's why
I'm holding out.
But I don't think I'd feel wronged
even if I were to die tomorrow.
Still, you should try to live.
I'm hearing that you're strong.
You're kindhearted and sweet,
but you're strong too.
Are you getting a clear reading on me?
I can. I see through you,
but my Granny spirit isn't saying much.
Because you keep saying you're a deity.
Oh?
- A deity?
- Huh? What does that mean?
It means she's possessed by a deity.
She's possessed?
- She's been taken over?
- Mmm.
This is a bit chilling.
I'm getting that you'll live,
and you'll get through it.
Hang in there just 3 more years.
Then you'll get to shine
as bright as you want, and--
Mind your own business.
Oh!
Oh, what?
What?
Mind your own business.
This is so annoying.
What do you know?
So annoying.
Mind your own business.
I'm getting fired up. So hot.
What's going on?
What is this?
What's happening?
I'm scared.
It's all annoying.
So hot.
Granny.
Go ahead.
Granny, is something bothering you?
I don't trust you at all.
It's so annoying.
- My gosh.
- What?
- I think she's possessed.
I think she's possessed.
What?
Sobin's talking to her
as if talking to a deity.
It's a Granny spirit.
What are you so unhappy about, Granny?
What do you even know to...
Ugh.
What's happening?
What is this?
Oh, dear.
I'm so scared.
She's possessed by a Granny spirit.
I got scared
when she started shaking.
-You tremble when a deity takes over.
-What the heck is this? Seriously.
What...
I'm really scared right now.
The deity has always
been around her.
She was told to stay away
from shamans, right?
It's because she might get possessed,
-and she just did.
-She's been taken over?
-She's possessed.
-That's why her sister warned her.
She's not ordained a shaman,
but the deity took over.
What now?
What's happening?
I'm getting chills.
I'm so scared.
- Sobin's not even flustered.
- She's so calm.
I think I need time to calm down.
Relax and let it go, Granny.
What's going on?
Gosh.
I'm so sorry.
It's fine.
I've calmed down a bit.
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
-Shall we stop?
-No.
No, we should stop.
If it angers your Granny spirit,
we should stop.
Isn't this just my temper
flaring up out of nowhere?
You really think so?
No, she was like
a completely different person.
Yes, she had no reason to get angry.
Can I ask you something, Ms. Jo?
Do you remember what just happened?
I do remember it.
I remember everything,
but I think that was me losing control.
I know in my head
that I should relax
and listen to Sobin respectfully.
I honestly don't understand
why I did what I did.
It was incredibly rude.
Has this ever happened before?
No, it has not.
From what I saw,
it wasn't her speaking.
- Was it a deity?
- From what I saw, yes.
You might wonder
if you have multiple personalities.
But I don't think that's the case.
I thought I was bipolar.
Right,
because you swing back and forth.
Sobin.
Have you seen anything like this before?
It happens more often than you think
when clients come to see me.
You responded so calmly,
and I was quite surprised
by your reaction.
This can happen to people
who are touched by deities.
It happens from time to time.
You talked as if she were
a Granny spirit.
Could it be her late grandmother?
It didn't seem like her
because her actual grandmother...
Sorry, but I'm not saying this
because I'm offended.
She would never be that rude to anyone.
She wouldn't talk like that.
So it wasn't her grandmother.
That being said,
I don't think we should do this.
Not today.
Spiritual divination, rites,
talismans, prayers...
No matter what I do, what matters most
-is trust. That comes first.
-Yes.
- Second is our compatibility.
- Okay.
Our connection.
Only when we have that,
everything falls into place.
But if we don't,
having a rite today
might be pointless, to be honest.
- Then again, because of me, my sister...
- No, that's not true.
I guess I'm left to believe it's my fault.
It's heartbreaking.
Oh, dear.
You asked me earlier
if I was getting a clear reading on you.
That's when things went sideways for us.
-Do you see what I mean?
-Yes.
-Right. I think it's best we stop here.
-Okay.
- What should we do?
- What do we do about this?
I think
we need to talk to the crew.
This has never happened before,
so we'll have a discussion
and decide what to do.
- Yes, we need to find the best solution.
- Yes.
We'll take a short break
to have a discussion.
You know what?
I'm seriously scared here.
That was scary.
Isn't it scary
how she didn't seem like herself at all?
Her attitude changed so drastically.
My gosh.
The 49 Judges are in shock too.
They can't believe what they just saw.
What now?
She can't do anything now?
Our rules won't allow it.
Sobin will have be evaluated
without a rite.
That's the only option.
Oh, dear.
I never thought I'd see
something like this in my life.
Why is this happening to Sobin?
Sobin must be so upset.
- I know, she meant well.
- Exactly.
She wanted to console the soul
and send her off.
But the client's touched by deities.
Yes.
This was
a completely unexpected situation.
Sobin couldn't continue her reading,
so we held a short meeting
to discuss what to do
about the final round.
First, I'd like to ask you, Sobin.
We're all very flustered right now.
Could you explain what exactly happened?
From the moment she walked in,
I knew she was with another being.
To be blunt, her sister who was ripped
to death is clinging to her.
My gosh.
Then it wasn't a so-called deity
that took over her?
That's right.
Her sister's spirit latched onto her.
Yes.
Simply put, she was possessed.
Her sister's spirit possessed her
and is dwelling inside her
like a coiled snake.
The moment she walked in, I noticed
she was blinking only 1 eye,
as if the other side were paralyzed.
Watching her from up here, I figured
her sister fell to her death.
I'm sensing that her older sister
hit this side of her head when she fell.
Was it Ms. Jo Wonmi the
whole time? Or does her sister's spirit
- come and go?
- She comes and goes.
Ghosts build a dwelling
in the host's body and hide.
Then they appear whenever they want.
It just had to be the Hour of the Rat too.
- It's 11:00 p.m.
- It is.
This is when ghosts are most active.
He's right.
Oh, really?
That's why she couldn't push forward
with the rite.
That's right.
But since
this is a survival show, by the rules,
we have to score Sobin
based on the reading we just saw,
even if she couldn't do a rite.
The Battle of Souls.
Lee Sobin's reading is over.
The 4 Fate Reapers
and the 49 Fate Judges.
Please enter your score.
As a human, I'm very disappointed.
It was a huge shame,
but even if we'd tried
to keep things civil and kept going,
we would've had a problem
toward the end of the rite.
It was right to stop it then.
I guess that was my fate.
I don't believe this.
What is going on?
I never thought
the second client would be like this.
- Me neither.
- Seriously.
The Battle of Souls.
Let the third reading begin.
It didn't take me long to connect
with the Messenger Granny spirit,
who channels souls.
She's a deity who channels souls
and helps the shaman
connect with the deceased.
I channeled that Granny spirit
and told myself that I'd show everyone
what I've been honing.
The client Yoon Daeman chose.
Please join us.
Hello.
Oh, gosh.
Her father's here.
The father who lost his daughter.
I really appreciate you
coming here.
It couldn't have been an easy decision.
What's your name, sir?
It's Jeong Jaeyeong.
And the name of your child
who passed on?
Jeong Yerim.
Born on January 15, 2006.
- Did she pass a while ago?
- Well, yes.
- A bit over 4 years.
- I see, 4 years.
I'll invite my deity
and give a reading for you.
Summoning the deceased
is the hardest.
This isn't like any other reading
where I can rely on visions.
I need to be able
to converse with the deceased.
I concentrated really hard on the deceased
while pleading
with my Granny spirit for help.
She was such a precious child to you.
Yes, that's right.
However...
She wasn't born strong.
I'm getting that she was frail.
-Yes.
-That's right.
There were issues with her heart valves.
SHE WAS TREATED FOR A HEART CONDITION
FROM AGE 6 FOR 10 YEARS
I think it started when she was 6.
She was feeling unwell,
so we took her to a university hospital.
But what I'm also sensing is
that she got into accidents
quite a lot too.
I'm hearing she couldn't breathe.
She was...
Gosh, well...
There were many signs
leading up to her passing.
There were so many things
signaling her death.
-She almost drowned once.
-Okay.
- She almost drowned.
- Did she really?
She fell in the river on a camping trip.
2015, AGED 10, HIS DAUGHTER ALMOST DROWNED
WHILE CAMPING AND BARELY SURVIVED
My wife went to see a shaman
when our daughter was younger.
On hearing her date of birth,
they said she should be careful of water,
so we warned her wherever we went.
Did anyone tell you
to do a rite to extend her life?
RITE TO EXTEND A CHILD'S SHORT LIFE
That's a thing?
Apparently.
She wasn't born with the life expectancy
she should've had.
That would break
any parent's heart.
I keep hearing her say,
"I want to live."
So...
It was the day after
we celebrated my wife's birthday.
She was showering before going to a class
when she collapsed.
She had Marfan syndrome.
GENETIC ILLNESS THAT AFFECTS
EYES, CARDIOVASCULAR
AND MUSCULOSKELETAL SYSTEMS
DAUGHTER DIED OF SUDDEN HEART ATTACK
AGED 16 WHILE SHOWERING AT HOME
He must be heartbroken.
There were no warning signs at all.
There was that 1 incident,
and she was gone.
HER MOM'S BIRTHDAY CELEBRATIONS
WAS HER LAST MOMENT WITH FAMILY
After she died,
her mom started to feel depressed.
She's lethargic.
She stays at home all day,
and she won't get out of bed.
You're right.
I have a question. Well...
My daughter came to me
in my dreams 4 or 5 times,
but never in my wife's dreams.
Because her mom
isn't as strong as her dad.
She feels bad and guilty toward her mom.
She cared so much for her mom.
She must feel terrible.
My wife took her to the hospital
every 3 months for 10 years.
She was too mature for her age, right?
She'd save up her allowance
and buy you cute little gifts
for sweet surprises.
She never missed our wedding anniversary
or other special occasions.
She was such a sweet girl.
JEONG YEBONG, JEONG SEOKBONG, KANG MIBONG,
JEONG SEONGBONG, JEONG MINBONG
- She even made her mom a cake.
- A birthday cake.
SHE BAKED HER MOM A BIRTHDAY CAKE
THE DAY BEFORE SHE DIED
She was an awesome daughter.
-After she died...
-Yes.
...I see snapshots zoom before my eyes.
-Like a film projection.
-Yes.
One day, I was walking
when I heard someone call out, "Dad."
I jumped, thinking it was my daughter.
I turned around
and saw a tall girl about her height.
I thought, "That's what my daughter
would look like
- if she were alive."
- Oh.
I wish I could go back
to when she was alive.
I understand.
I can't imagine how it feels
to lose your child.
Seriously.
Even as a spirit,
kids look for their mom and dad,
but your daughter doesn't. Goodness.
The first thing she said was,
"Mom, Dad, stop missing me."
She hates that you are in pain
because of her.
And her words are so sweet.
You didn't throw out
any of her belongings?
We still have her childhood photos.
And a few
of her favorite soft toys and photos.
We're keeping the photo
we used at the funeral. Is that...
-The one you used at the funeral?
-Yes.
I recommend that you print a new one
and burn the one you used at the funeral.
It says here
you haven't canceled
your daughter's cell phone.
Is that true?
He kept his daughter's phone number.
HE'S STILL KEEPING
HIS DAUGHTER'S PHONE BY HIS BED
I just couldn't, to be honest.
Her friends still text her sometimes.
I couldn't cancel the service
knowing that.
I check her phone early in the morning
or during the day, and her friends
text to say they miss her.
Is it true
you still haven't registered her death?
I was hoping to put it off forever.
I told my wife
that since men tend to die earlier,
she can register Yerim's death with mine.
But then my mother told me
Yerim came to her in a dream
and said she can't play with her friends
because we're holding her back.
My mother told me that in tears.
My wife and I went to the town hall
and registered her death on April 16th.
Good. You did the right thing.
We had her cremated
and placed her in a columbarium,
but she seemed so lonely there.
I went to see her
almost every day.
Then we moved from an apartment
to a house with a garden,
so we buried her ashes with a tree
because we wanted to bring her home.
So that I can see her all day every day.
We heard that
you missed her so much
that you got a tattoo on your chest.
That's right.
After she died, with my wife's permission,
I got her memorial portrait
tattooed on my chest.
Her heart stopped,
but I wanted it to beat on with mine.
So I got it on the left side of my chest.
HE ENGRAVED THE FACE HE MISSES SO MUCH
WE LOVE YOU, YEBONG
TRACES OF HER
ARE STILL ALL AROUND THE HOUSE
HER DAD DOESN'T WANT TO BE
APART FROM HER EVEN FOR A SECOND
HE STILL HASN'T BEEN ABLE TO LET GO OF HER
WILL HE GET TO MEET HER TODAY?
GYEONGJU JEONG CLAN,
UNWED, DIED BEFORE 19
Those must be her favorite foods.
It's heartbreaking.
You can tell she died very young.
- There's malatang on the table.
- Yes.
Teenagers love malatang.
- She was only a 9th grader.
- Yes.
Malatang and fried chicken.
They're what kids love.
Yes, the food on the table
makes it feel real.
The client made
the tough decision to come here
because he missed
his beloved daughter so much
that he'd like to meet her
even if it's through a shaman.
So, competition aside,
I wanted to do whatever it takes
to channel the deceased
so they can talk to each other.
I wanted to try.
Oh, Mr. Jeong.
Let me explain the rite.
Once upon a time, Princess Bari
went to the underworld to get a tonic
to keep her father alive forever.
Princess Bari.
This rite portrays Princess Bari
guiding your daughter's spirit
- to cross over to the afterlife.
- Okay.
When I walk in a circle later on,
carry these josang clothes
and follow me slowly,
-praying she'll rest in a good place.
-Okay.
A TRADITIONAL
KOREAN SONG THAT CALLS UPON A SPIRIT
Wow.
- This is the real deal.
- Yes.
Now, doryang.
We walk in a circle
around the table
to show the deceased the way.
DANCE TO LEAD THE DECEASED
ACROSS TO THE AFTERLIFE
All the while praying they go to paradise.
I guess they walk around
the table like that.
New clothes for the deceased.
So that she can wear them
and be reborn in paradise.
- Are those the Messenger Granny's blades?
- Yes.
SYMBOLIZES OPENING DOORS TO THE AFTERLIFE
Let's split the hemp cloth.
Looks like he's cutting
the hemp cloth now.
- He cuts through the cloth?
- Yes, he'll walk through it.
Can't believe I'm seeing this.
As for splitting the hemp cloth...
There's this thing called gasimun.
It's the last door to the afterlife.
By cutting the cloth,
I'm clearing a path for the deceased's
spirit to reach that door.
That doesn't look like a tonguefish.
That's a dried cod.
It represents the deceased.
He'll split the cloth now.
I think that's rice grains.
If the deceased takes over me
as I split the cloth,
I can deliver her message to the living.
Here I come!
D...
Dad.
She's here.
- Dad.
- Yes.
You know,
I appear in your dreams but not Mom's
because, well...
You know how fragile mom is.
You're right, Yerim.
That's why I don't come to see her.
Still, just once...
It'll just make it harder for her
to move on.
She'll get even more depressed.
She misses you a lot, though.
Tell Mom that if she misses me,
instead of crying over my things
or hugging my old pillow when she sleeps,
she should look at the stars in the sky.
You and Mom need to be happy
for the rest of the family to be okay.
It would've been so nice
if Mom had come today.
She should've come to see me today.
- Can I ask for a favor?
- Yes.
Don't be sick where you are now.
Don't worry too much.
And I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that you were born sick.
No, that wasn't your fault.
Don't blame yourself.
I told you
I want to be your daughter again
in my next life.
Don't be too sad.
Do you remember what I said?
I told you I'd be with you again
in just 20 years.
By then,
your brother should be
all grown up and married.
I'll make up for the time we lost.
I was always so busy with work,
and I never took you on vacations.
Come and see me when you miss me.
I'll come to you
as a bird and as a butterfly.
I'll come to see you in your dreams.
- Promise.
- Yes, we'll meet again.
Let's go.
Mr. Jeong keeps praying.
Oh...
He's taking off his costume
for the huyeongsil, the final farewell.
Drape it over me.
SHAMAN PUTS ON JOSANG CLOTHES
TO RELAY THE SPIRIT'S LAST MESSAGE
The deceased took over my body,
and the emotions I felt...
It was so terribly sad.
Her death was so sudden,
and she couldn't leave the last message.
I listened carefully
to what she wanted to tell her dad.
Huh?
No!
Dad.
Dad, this is how I died.
This is how I collapsed.
No, don't cry.
Don't cry. Don't, sweetie.
Don't cry.
What happened? Did she fall and die?
- She passed out. She had a rare illness.
- She collapsed.
Don't cry.
Dad, there's so much
I wanted to say.
I wanted to say I missed you.
The only thing I wanted to say to you
is thank you.
I love you.
I just hope you go to work safely
and get home safely every day.
You know, Dad.
I didn't say this because
I didn't want to make you feel guilty,
but I wanted to live.
There was so much I wanted to do.
You know I was good with my hands.
I wanted to draw and paint.
I said I'd study hard
and give you and Mom
all the good things in life.
I told you guys we should go on
a trip abroad like everyone else.
I said I'd work hard.
Seeing you and Mom doing well
makes me really happy,
but I also wonder
how nice it would be if I were there too.
You should've brought Mom. Why didn't you?
- Daeman sobbing]
- I'm sorry.
Daddy...
Daddy's really sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry. Sorry, sweetheart.
I'm...
You brought my favorite malatang
and fried chicken too.
But what I like even more
is the fried rice
made with whatever's in the fridge.
Mom's fried rice. I like that more.
Yes, I remember.
That and hot rice
with soy sauce and egg.
I craved that so much.
Dad.
Thank you for doing this for me.
I'm...
- Don't worry about me.
- Okay.
Don't worry about me.
Okay, Dad. Don't miss me too much, okay?
How can I not miss you?
I'll miss you until the day I die.
You were always the best dad to me.
Be happy, okay?
Come see me every now and then, okay?
Come see us sometimes.
Give me a hug.
He loved her so much.
- Goodbye.
- Bye.
I think I'll remember this girl.
I'll be praying for her.
I'll pray,
"Please let her rest in paradise."
"May she be reborn soon
with a healthy body."
Bow and say goodbye 3 times.
Goodbye, Yerim.
Bye, sweetheart.
Come to see me in my dreams.
Come see me every now and then.
Bye, Yerim.
Goodbye.
You took part in a rite
to send your daughter off.
What conversation was the most memorable?
When she told me not to worry
and that she's fine.
I'd like to do that,
but I always feel guilty.
I feel bad that I'm still breathing
and living every single day.
I know I shouldn't feel that way,
but I can't help it.
If I were given the chance,
I'd like to go back
to 4 years ago, to July 2.
That was my wife's birthday,
the day before she died.
Let's say you could go back
and spend an hour with her.
- Yes.
- What would you like to do?
I think I'd just follow her around,
worried something would happen.
I want to just...
follow her around
for the whole hour.
The Battle of Souls.
Yoon Daeman's reading is over.
The 4 Fate Reapers,
the 49 Fate Judges,
and Mr. Jeong Jaeyeong.
Please enter your score.
This is tough.
We have to score him after that?
I know.
It was a proper rite.
Battle of Fates, the grand finale.
The Battle of Souls.
Here comes the final result.
SEOLHWA, LEE SOBIN, YOON DAEMAN
Here we go.
My Granny spirit must have
a grand plan for me.
She told me to handle the client I chose,
so I should accept it.
I really gave it my all today,
so I have zero regrets.
A couple of days ago,
for the first time
since my grandmother died,
she came to me in a dream
with a bright smile.
I think that was a good sign.
Please reveal Seolhwa's final score.
- Out of 200 points.
- Yes.
BATTLE OF SOULS EVALUATION
49,
FATE REAPERS: 100, TOTAL 200 POINTS
She died
from an illness, right?
You wanted to die so badly, you fool.
Look how angry Granny is, you fool!
Come over here to me.
Come here! I missed you so much!
I loved you so much. You know that, right?
Don't try to do your best. Just live.
SEOLHWA
Seolhwa received
47 points from the client,
12 points from the 49 Fate Judges,
and 84 points from the Fate Reapers.
The total is 143 points.
Oh...
SEOLHWA
I liked how sincere you were about it,
and your reading was so raw and genuine.
I felt that the deceased actually came,
and you showed her
like a mirror showing a reflection.
I believe the client
was moved by your reading,
which is why he shed tears.
Thank you so much.
Thanks for sending off the deceased.
Please reveal Lee Sobin's final score.
She had to handle
an unexpected situation.
You're so afraid.
So how are you managing to hang on?
You know there were
shamans in your family, right?
Do you think the deities will strike you?
Because you keep saying you're a deity.
Mind your own business.
Granny, is something bothering you?
I don't trust you at all.
I think we should stop here.
I think it's best we stop here.
LEE SOBIN
Oh, dear.
Lee Sobin received
0 points from the client,
41 points from the 49 Fate Judges...
That's a really high score.
And 90 points from the Fate Reapers.
The total is 131 points.
Wow.
- What a shame.
- Such a shame.
Zero points from the client
was a huge loss.
- Mmm.
- Due to the unexpected circumstances
- Yes.
- no rite could be performed.
That's why the client's score was 0.
This round was about
consoling the family of the deceased.
That was the task.
You scored pretty high
from the Judges and us,
but your total came to 131 points.
You must feel so disappointed.
Even I was so let down.
We were all disappointed
it didn't work out.
What if
you could go back in time
and choose your client again?
Would you
choose the same client?
Well, yes.
I think there was a reason
my Granny spirit made me choose her,
so I'd make the same choice.
And I still wouldn't do the rite.
Very well. The Judges and us Fate Reapers
gave pretty high scores,
so I think the result could've changed
if you'd chosen another client.
Even so, if you were to go back in time,
-you'd choose her as your client again?
-Yes, because
Seolhwa and Daeman did such a good job
for the other clients.
-So, that'd be only right.
-Ah. How admirable.
Mmm.
Now, we will reveal
Yoon Daeman's final score.
He performed the rite so well.
He needs
more than 143 points to win.
He must be so nervous.
SEOLHWA 143, LEE SOBIN 131
Battle of Fates.
The final winner is
Yoon Daeman!
YOON DAEMAN WINS
- Congratulations.
- Well done.
- Wow...
28,
That means
the client gave him full marks.
- Yes.
- He gave Daeman 51 out of 51.
Yoon Daeman, you are
the first winner of Battle of Fates.
How do you feel?
My late grandmother was devastated
when I became a shaman.
She might be watching this
from where she is, from the heavens.
I miss her so much. I'm always grateful.
I want to thank her
for raising me and tell her I love her.
I think
I learned so much today.
Being on Battle of Fates...
I think my Granny spirit
made me come on this show
so that I can learn a lot
and make myself known.
I'm extremely grateful
that I got to be on this show.
Right. Thank you
so much for your efforts.
Sorry.
LEE SOBIN, 3RD PLACE
She looks like a little girl.
I actually
didn't have any shaman friends at all.
But I came here
and met so many nice people
like him and her.
I'm so grateful for that.
And also...
I realized today that
my Granny wanted to remind me
of who I was when I first started out.
"Do not be arrogant, child."
She reminded me of the mind set I had
when I was starting out.
And I humbly accept it.
I often face challenges as a shaman,
but I love my job.
I was born to be a shaman anyway,
so from now on,
I'll just try to be
more honest, upright, and genuine.
I want to keep walking on this path,
and I think I'll love this job
for as long as I do.
WHAT DOES FATE MEAN TO YOU?
Fate is something that's already decided.
You can't avoid it.
One must accept their fate.
The more you try to avoid it,
the harder it will strike you.
It's your given path
that you can't change.
There's no changing your fate.
The deities decided my fate.
Whether you like it or not,
it's something
you can't completely ignore.
"Name her Sujin, and she will
be a shaman for the rest of her life."
I was named Sujin anyway,
and I ended up becoming a shaman.
That's what made me think
most of our fate is already decided.
That's the destiny I was born with.
Literally, it's my fate.
One doesn't become
a shaman out of their choice.
In life,
there comes a moment
where you can't avoid your fate.
Fate is
something I'm bound to.
I've always had this question, though.
Do us humans have free will?
Can we shape our life as we like?
The first syllable
of the word "fate" in Korean
means "to move."
The same letter used in "to drive."
With your willpower and effort,
you get to decide
where your life will take you.
As humans, we make
countless choices throughout our lives.
The choices you make each day can change
who you are in 5 years' time
and in 6 years' time.
Your fate can change
if you change your appearance.
It can also change
if you treat people differently.
Fate.
You can change it.
Even if 98% is decided,
we can change our fate with 2% of effort.
Your fate depends on how you take it
and how you get through it.
The future is undecided.
It's something you create yourself.
Fate can be changed.
I think you can build your own fate.
DO YOU BELIEVE IN FATE?
BATTLE OF FATES
Translated by Jennifer Jean Lim
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today